'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 2017, Alexander Kuleshov <kuleshovmail at gmail dot com>
.\"
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
.\" are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\" * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
.\"   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"
.\" * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
.\"   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
.\"   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" * Neither the name of tmail nor the names of its contributors may be used to
.\"   endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
.\"   written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
.\" WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,
.\" OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
.\" WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.TH SMTP-CAPS 1 "2017-07-29" "tmail smtp-caps" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
smtp-caps \- get SMTP server capabilities
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * MAIN CONTENT STARTS HERE *
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.HP
.ad l
\fBsmtp-caps\fR [\fB\--version/-v]
.HP
.ad l
\fBsmtp-caps\fR [\fB\--help/-h]
.HP
.ad l
\fBsmtp-caps\fR smtp-server port
.br
.PD
.ad b
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIsmtp-caps\fR is a simple util to get capabilties of a SMTP server.
.PP
The following options are accepted:
.TP
.BI \--version
Prints current version of \fIsmtp-caps\fR util.
.TP
.BI \--help
Prints help message.
.SS "Usage:"
.in +4n
.nf
.sp
To get capabilties of a SMTP server, just execute \fIsmtp-caps\fR util with the given SMTP server address and port.

$ smtp-caps smtp.gmail.com 587

SIZE
8BITMIME
PIPELINING
CHUNKING
STARTTLS
ENHANCEDSTATUSCODES
SMTPUTF8
.fi
.in
.P
.SH EXIT STATUS
\fBsmtp-caps\fR exits with \fB0\fR return code on success and \fB>0\fR if an error occurred.
.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.sp
\fBtmail\fR(1), \fBtmail-config\fR(5), \fBtmail-send-email\fR(1)
.SH "TMAIL"
.sp
Part of the \fBtmail\fR(1) suite
