'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 2017, Alexander Kuleshov <kuleshovmail at gmail dot com>
.\"
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
.\" are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\" * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
.\"   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"
.\" * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
.\"   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
.\"   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" * Neither the name of tmail nor the names of its contributors may be used to
.\"   endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
.\"   written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
.\" WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,
.\" OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
.\" WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.TH TMAIL 1 "2017-09-03" "tmail send-email" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
tmail send-email \- send email messages.
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * MAIN CONTENT STARTS HERE *
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.HP
.ad l
\fBtmail send-email [--version] [--help] [--from <email addr>] [--subject <subj>]
          [--to <email-addr>] [--cc <email-addr>] [--bcc <email-addr>]
          [--realname <name>] [--attachment <path-to-attachment>] [--in-reply-to <id>]
          <MESSAGE\fR
.br
.PD
.ad b
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command provides ability to compose and send an email.
.SH OPTIONS
-v, --version
.br
    Print current version of \fBtmail\fR.
.br

-h, --help
.br
    Print help for \fBtmail send-email\fR command.
.br

-f, --from
.br
    Specify an email address of a sender of the emails.
.br

-n, --realname
.br
    Specify real name of a sender.
.br

-t, --to
.br
    Specify the primary recipient of the email.
.br

-c, --cc
.br
    Specify a starting "Cc:" value for an email. This option can be used multiple times.
.br

-b, --bcc
.br
    Specify a starting "Bcc:" value for an email. This option can be used multiple times. 
.br

-s, --subject
.br
    Specify the initial subject of the email thread. This option can be used multiple times.
.br

-a, --attachment
.br
    Specify path to an attachment that will be attached to the email. This option can be used multiple times.
.br

-r, --in-reply-to
.br
    Specify a \fBMessage-Id\fR in the email.
.br

-e, --user-editor
.br
    Use editor to compose an email message.
.br

-i, --interactive
.br
    Compose an email in interactive mode.
.br

.SH "USAGE"
.in +4n
.nf
.sp
To send an email with the \fBtmail send-email\fR use it like:

$ tmail send-email -f username@mail.com -t username2@mail.com \\
.br
                   -a /home/user/attachment.txt <FILE_WITH_MESSAGE_BODY

or via \f\Bstdin\fR:

$ echo "Message Body" | tmail send-email -f username@mail.com \\
.br
                                         -t username2@mail.com \\
.br
                                         -a /home/user/attachment.txt

.P
.SH EXIT STATUS
\fB tmail send-email\fR exits with 0 return code on success and >0 if an error occurred.
.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.sp
\fBtmail\fR(1) \fBtmail-config\fR(5), \fBsmtp-caps\fR(1)
.SH "TMAIL"
.sp
Part of the \fBtmail\fR(1) suite

