'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 2017-2019, Alexander Kuleshov <kuleshovmail at gmail dot com>
.\"
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
.\" are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\" * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
.\"   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"
.\" * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
.\"   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
.\"   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" * Neither the name of tmail nor the names of its contributors may be used to
.\"   endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
.\"   written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
.\" WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,
.\" OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
.\" WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.TH SMTP-SERVER-INFO 1 "2017-2019-09-05" "tmail smtp-server-info" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
tmail smtp-server-info \- show userful information for the given SMTP server
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * MAIN CONTENT STARTS HERE *
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.HP
.ad l
\fBtmail smtp-server-info\fR [\fB\--version/-v]
.HP
.ad l
\fBtmail smtp-server-info\fR [\fB\--help/-h]
.HP
.ad l
\fBtmail smtp-server-info\fR smtp-server port
.br
.PD
.ad b
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fItmail server-info\fR is a simple util that uses SMTP \fBHELP\fR extension to get useful information from the given SMTP server.
.PP
The following options are accepted:
.TP
.BI \--version
Prints current version of \fItmail smtp-server-info\fR util.
.TP
.BI \--help
Prints help message.
.SS "Usage:"
.in +4n
.nf
.sp
To get informatiob about an SMTP server, just execute \fItmail smtp-server-info\fR util with the given SMTP server address and port.

 ./tmail smtp-server-info 100.100.0.2 25
SMTP Server information:

214-Commands supported:
214 AUTH HELO EHLO MAIL RCPT DATA BDAT NOOP QUIT RSET HELP

.fi
.in
.P
.SH EXIT STATUS
\fBtmail smtp-server-info\fR exits with \fB0\fR return code on success and \fB>0\fR if an error occurred.
.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.sp
\fBtmail\fR(1), \fBtmail-config\fR(5), \fBtmail-send-email\fR(1), \fBtmail-smtp-caps\fR(1)
.SH "TMAIL"
.sp
Part of the \fBtmail\fR(1) suite
